<ID>;<name>;<description>;<exits>;<items>;<puzzle>;<monster>

R9;Office 1;You smell a heavy scent of ink, as you look around. There is a large oak desk in the center of the room, it's covered with yellow documents. The ink of the table is dry, but it seems like the messages on the yellowed paper had just been written. A creepy spider picture hangs crooked on the wall, its eyes appearing to shift when you look away. In the dim window light, a typewriter’s keys occasionally click on their own.;WEST:START;Ink Cartridge;; 
R2;Living Room;You feel as if you are being watched as you enter. The walls are bare, stripped of any decoration. There is an old wooden piano in the corner, you felt like it was playing music by itself. It then got quiet, but then out of nowhere, the faintest giggles echoed through the room. The wood floor was scratched up, it was like someone, or something has been trying to claw through it.;WEST:R1|EAST:R4|NORTHEAST:R3|SOUTH:START;Piano Sheet;; 
R3;Break Room;This room seems small but cozy even though the wooden floors were worn. The faint smell of stale coffee lingers through the air. A single, round table sits in the center, surrounded by mismatched chairs. The cabinets above the counter are cluttered with random items — old lunchboxes, chipped mugs, messed up dolls and scattered papers. Cobwebs cling to the corners of the room as you look around. And for a second, you saw a glimpse of a shadow moving, but as you turn it was gone.;SOUTH:R4|WEST:R2;Green Apple;; 
R4;Family Room;As you enter, you see many different family portraits. All of the people in the portraits seem to be forcing a smile. The air is completely still but the rocking chair in the corner sways gently. The fireplace has a pile of charred wood, yet faint embers glow in the ashes, like they had been burning only moments ago. You can’t see where, but you hear a child’s laughter. It fades into an uneasy silence.;WEST:R2|NORTH:R3;Chewing Tobacco;;Shadow Child
R5;Restroom (1st Fl);The first thing you notice is the cracked mirror above the sink. The longer you stared, it distorted your reflection. The rusty sink faucet drips steadily, yet the water pooling in the basin is an inky black, absorbing the dim light of the room. The shower curtain is drawn closed, but a faint outline of a figure lingers behind it. As you take a step closer, the curtain blows outward towards you, as if something is trying to escape.;NORTH:R9|EAST:R7|SOUTH:R6;Yogurt;; 
R6;Study;The walls are lined with many bookshelves, each book being very thick and coated in dust. One book though was missing from the collection. You smell a peculiar smell; it smells of candle wax and something sickly sweet. As you pass by the desk, the quill resting on it quivers, as if resisting the urge to write. There is a map on the desk, but it was too old to comprehend. The leather armchair by the fireplace has deep indentations in the cushions, as if someone sat there for years and didn’t move.;NORTH:R5;Quill;; 
R7;Dining Room;The scent of aged wine and damp oak permeates the air. The door creaks as it closes behind you, sealing you momentarily in a suffocating darkness. Just as your eyes adjust, you hear a sharp rustling. You spot a rat fading away in the darkness. There is a loaf of bread on the floor but was untouched by the rat. There’s a wine glass filled to the brim, but no one seemed to have touched it yet.;NORTH:R2|WEST:R5|DOWNSTAIRS:R19;Thor’s Hammer;; 
START;Entrance;As you enter the haunted Ravenshade Manor, you feel a light breeze past you. Everything around you is dark and grim looking. The chandelier above you sways slightly, as it flickers of candlelight. You see a tattered red carpet leading further inside, its deep stains smell of old wine. As you are about to enter you feel as if there are faint whispers welcoming you in.;NORTH:R2|EAST:R9|UPSTAIRS:R13;;Welcome Puzzle; 
R1;Office;The desk is overturned, its drawers pulled out and emptied, papers scattered across the floor like someone fled in a hurry. The chair behind the desk seemed to be still warm, though there were no signs of anyone there. The lamp in the corner flickers, casting elongated shadows. The shadows stretched unnaturally far across the room.;EAST:R2|SOUTH:R5;Notebook;; 
R13;Hallway;The hallway was long and dark, dimly lit by the small window overhead. As you step in, the floor creaking loudly with every step due to the uneven floorboards. Each step sounds like a warning. The air is thick with mildew and damp wood. A faint sound, like the distant scurrying of small feet, catches your attention, but when you glance around, there's nothing there. The sense of being watched grows stronger with every moment you linger.;EAST:R14|SOUTHWEST:R12|NORTHWEST:R11|DOWNSTAIRS:START;;Echo Puzzle; 
R12;Master Bedroom;The bedroom is filled with many paintings, all abstractly random images. The bed was made though the pillows were missing. A jewelry box sits open on the vanity, its interior empty except for a single, broken locket. The wardrobe door is ajar, revealing a dark space inside that feels far deeper than it should be. Just as you turn away, you hear the soft rustle of fabric shifting within.;NORTH:R10|NORTHEAST:R11|EAST:R13;Sword;;Ravenborn
R10;Master Bathroom;The sink is not clean, and all of the sink’s contents are on the cold floor. The deep porcelain tub appears new, but a faint red stain lingers along the rim. The medicine cabinet door is slightly open, revealing empty shelves except for a single, yellowed prescription bottle. A faint scratching sound echoes from the drain, like the sound of fingernails scraping against the pipes.;SOUTH:R12|EAST:R11;;;Bloody Hand
R11;Closet;As you open the closet door, hundreds of moths fly out at you. You smell a stench of decay. Clothes dangle limply from rusted hangers, some of them torn. The top of the closet is filled with empty, dusty shoe boxes. As you turn to leave, the hangers sway violently, as if an unseen figure has just brushed past them.;WEST:R10|SOUTH:R12|EAST:R13;Monster Cream;; 
R14;Bathroom (2nd Fl);A mist clings to the air, carrying the scent of lavender and something more metallic beneath it, perhaps the smell of fresh blood. The mirror has smeared red handprint, as if someone got dragged away. The drain gurgles softly, whispering words you cannot quite understand. You feel the need to leave because the bath started filling up itself with murky water.;WEST:R13|SOUTHEAST:R16|NORTHEAST:R15;Yogurt;; 
R15;Bedroom 1;The bed is pushed against the far wall, its sheets tangled and torn, like someone had struggled in their sleep.  A child's diary sits open on the nightstand, its last entry scrawled frantically: "He comes when I close my eyes, I’m scared." The stuffed animals are neatly arranged except for one. As you bend to go pick it up, you hear a muffled breath from inside.;SOUTH:R16|WEST:R14;Fruit Roll-Up;; 
R16;Bedroom 2;The wallpaper in this room is older than all of the other rooms you have entered. The peeling of the wallpaper reveals layers of scribbled writing. You can’t make out what it says, but it seems like the messages were written by shaking hands. You spot tally marks, like someone or something was counting something. A mirror leans against the wall, but instead of reflecting the room, it shows a door that doesn’t exist. The air carries the faintest sound of someone softly humming an old, forgotten lullaby.;NORTH:R15|WEST:R14;;; 
R17;Bedroom (Basement);This bed is small with its sheets covered in dust. The satin green sheets are  stained by black spots. Scratched into the wall above the headboard are the words: "She watches from the dark and haunts me in the day." The air is thick and heavy, pressing against your chest. The closet door trembles slightly, as if something inside is waiting for you to open it. But when you tried to open it, the lock latched.;EAST:R19|SOUTH:R18|NORTH:R22;;;Sleeper
R18;Bathroom (Basement);The toilet lid is down, yet a faint, rhythmic tapping echoes from inside the bowl. A single, rotting towel hangs on the rack, stained with something too dark to make out. You trip and when stopping your fall, you touched the blood on the wall. You try to wash your hands at the sink, but when you try to turn it on, it turns back off. That freaks you out so you back away.;NORTH:R17;;; 
R19;Living Room (Basement);The unplugged television turns on the second you walk in. It hums with static as you look around. The dim light bulb flickers, casting shadows of everything in the room. The air smells faintly of burned wood, though the fireplace remains cold and untouched. The windows around are stained black making it hard to see anything outside of the mansion.;WEST:R17|EAST:R21|NORTH:R22|UP:R7|NORTHEAST:R20;;; 
R20;Playroom;Dolls sit lined up on a shelf, you notice their dark eyes following you no matter where you move. The forgotten teddy bear next to the doll’s rests on the floor, a single button eye missing. Its stitched mouth is curved into a smile it didn’t have before. The wooden rocking horse sways back and forth without being occupied, the creaking gets louder the longer you stay.;SOUTH:R21|NORTH:R22|WEST:R19;Blow Dart;PlayroomPuzzle;ToyboundHorror
R21;Kitchen;Unlike the 1st floor kitchen, this one seemed cleaned. The countertops are of pristine condition, in fact too pristine. It was like someone had scrubbed them for a long time. You hear a faint sound of a knife scraping against the wood, as it echoes from somewhere within the walls. An empty bowl sits there with a fork beside it, and as you reach to feel it, you jump back! The fork was still warm.;NORTH:R20|WEST:R19;;; 
R22;Backyard;You stepped onto grass that is brittle and yellowed. As you step on it, it crunches underneath you even though the air is damp. You feel happy to see the outside and not be stuck in all these eerie rooms. You look for a way out, but the dark tall fences show you no way out. A lone swing dangles from a rotting oak tree, swaying slightly. You hear a child’s laughter carried in the darkness beyond the fences. Behind you, the house looms, and for a moment, it feels as though it's breathing.;SOUTH:R19|SOUTHEAST:R20|SOUTHWEST:R17;;; 